content/pages/imprint-and-privacy.md, before:

---
title: 'Imprint & Privacy'
description: 'Imprint and privacy information for the site.'
template: 'page'
---

## Responsible for the content

mail@aquasonic.ch

Kevin Brechbühl<br/>
Auweg 53<br/>
3627 Heimberg

## Disclaimer

The author assumes no liability whatsoever with regard to the correctness,
accuracy, topicality, reliability and completeness of the information provided.

Liability claims against the author for material or immaterial damages resulting
from access to or use or non-use of the pub lished information, misuse of the
connection or technical faults are excluded.

All offers are non-binding. Parts of the pages or the complete publication
including all offers and information might be extended, changed or partly or
completely deleted by the author without separate announcement.

## Links To Other Web Sites

References and links to websites of third parties are outside of the authors
area of responsibility. Any responsibility for such websites is rejected. Access
and use of such websites is at the user's own risk.

## Copyright

The copyright and all other rights to content, images, photos or other files on
the website belong exclusively to Kevin Brechbühl or the specifically named
holders of rights. For the reproduction of any elements, the written consent of
the copyright holders must be obtained in advance.

## Third Party Services

### YouTube

Our website uses plugins from YouTube, which is operated by Google. The operator
of the pages is YouTube LLC, 901 Cherry Ave., San Bruno, CA 94066, USA.

If you visit one of our pages featuring a YouTube plugin, a connection to the
YouTube servers is established. The YouTube server is informed about which
of our pages you have visited.

If you're logged in to your YouTube account, YouTube can associate
your browsing behavior directly with your personal profile. This assignment
occurs regardless of whether or not you click on the video. You can prevent this
by logging out of your YouTube account.

More information about how YouTube handles your data is available in YouTube’s
privacy policy at: https://policies.google.com/privacy.

### Plausible

Plausible is used to gather anonymous information about the usage of this
website. No tracking cookie is used and no personal information is stored. The
collected data consists of:

- Page Url
- Referer
- Browser
- Operating System
- Device Type
- Visitor Country (your ip is not logged)

For more information on the privacy practices of Plausible, please visit the
Plausible Analytics privacy policy web page: https://plausible.io/privacy.

Commit message:

Add Netlify to privacy policy

content/pages/imprint-and-privacy.md, after:

---
title: 'Imprint & Privacy'
description: 'Imprint and privacy information for the site.'
template: 'page'
---

## Responsible for the content

mail@aquasonic.ch

Kevin Brechbühl<br/>
Auweg 53<br/>
3627 Heimberg

## Disclaimer

The author assumes no liability whatsoever with regard to the correctness,
accuracy, topicality, reliability and completeness of the information provided.

Liability claims against the author for material or immaterial damages resulting
from access to or use or non-use of the pub lished information, misuse of the
connection or technical faults are excluded.

All offers are non-binding. Parts of the pages or the complete publication
including all offers and information might be extended, changed or partly or
completely deleted by the author without separate announcement.

## Links To Other Web Sites

References and links to websites of third parties are outside of the authors
area of responsibility. Any responsibility for such websites is rejected. Access
and use of such websites is at the user's own risk.

## Copyright

The copyright and all other rights to content, images, photos or other files on
the website belong exclusively to Kevin Brechbühl or the specifically named
holders of rights. For the reproduction of any elements, the written consent of
the copyright holders must be obtained in advance.

## Third Party Services

### Netlify

Our website is hosted on Netlify, which collects some data for each request in
their access logs (including the IP addresses of visitors). This
information is stored for less than 30 days.

See Netlify’s privacy policy for more details: https://www.netlify.com/gdpr.

### YouTube

Our website uses plugins from YouTube, which is operated by Google. The operator
of the pages is YouTube LLC, 901 Cherry Ave., San Bruno, CA 94066, USA.

If you visit one of our pages featuring a YouTube plugin, a connection to the
YouTube servers is established. The YouTube server is informed about which
of our pages you have visited.

If you're logged in to your YouTube account, YouTube can associate
your browsing behavior directly with your personal profile. This assignment
occurs regardless of whether or not you click on the video. You can prevent this
by logging out of your YouTube account.

More information about how YouTube handles your data is available in YouTube’s
privacy policy at: https://policies.google.com/privacy.

### Plausible

Plausible is used to gather anonymous information about the usage of this
website. No tracking cookie is used and no personal information is stored. The
collected data consists of:

- Page Url
- Referer
- Browser
- Operating System
- Device Type
- Visitor Country (your ip is not logged)

For more information on the privacy practices of Plausible, please visit the
Plausible Analytics privacy policy web page: https://plausible.io/privacy.
